Docs for deferred constraints (#5067)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ysql/commands/ddl_alter_table.md

If disabled (the default) then row level security will not be applied when the user is the table owner.
See [CREATE POLICY](../dcl_create_policy) for details on how to create row level security policies.

### Constraints

Specify a table or column constraint.

#### CONSTRAINT *constraint_name*

Specify the name of the constraint.

#### Foreign key

> `FOREIGN KEY` and `REFERENCES` specifies that the set of columns can only contain values that are present in the referenced column(s) of the referenced table. It is used to enfor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FOREIGN KEY` and `REFERENCES` specify that the set of columns can only contain values that are present in the referenced columns of the referenced table. It is used to enfor
```

Reviewer: Missing end of sentence too.

#### Unique

> This enforces that the set of columns specified in the `UNIQUE` constraint are unique in the table, that is, no two rows can have the same values for the set of columns specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enforces that the set of columns specified in the `UNIQUE` constraint are unique in the table, that is, no two rows can have the same values for the set of columns specified.
```

#### Check

This is used to enforce that data in the specified table meets the requirements specified in the `CHECK` clause.

#### Default

This clause is used to specify a default value for the column. If an `INSERT` statement does not specify a value for the column, then the default value is used. If no default is

> 

Reviewer: Which clause is "This clause"? Also, end is incomplete.

#### Deferrable constraints

Constraints can be deferred using the `DEFERRABLE` clause. Currently, only foreign key constraints
can be deferred in YugabyteDB. A constraint that is not deferrable will be checked at the end of every

> statement. In the case of deferrable constraints, the checking of the constraint can be postponed

Reviewer 2: nit: technically it could be after each row within a statement.

Author: Done.
